To support us, all actors, and production members to create great content, please avoid copyright infringement.
[The smile you gave me, picturing from you on that day, stuck in my heart]
[Your voice on that day, just few words are all in my head.]
[You make me feel up in the air, waiting to see you all....]
What are you doing here at the chemistry building, physics guy?
I think I should ask you instead.
What are you doing here at the chemistry building, mathematics guy?
Anyway, you have drunk the skin food, haven't you?
So you know?
How about my pretty face?
You're looking good.
Many people have tried that skin food.
The aura we can build in one sachet.
How long does it take for you to sit here?
I want to give Ion a thing.
He's going to come with Atom but I'm in a hurry.
Sure I can help.
I think they're so close apparently.
Nothing happens.
Anyway, how about you and Tan?
Is there a thing you haven't told me?
Nothing at all!
I have to go now.
Please give it to him.
Sure.
It's so tasty.
Hi Lin.
Hi Sine.
What's up?
I'm going to summarize my lab sheet.
Are you looking for Ion?
He asked me to buy a thing for him. So I brought it here.
I see.
I've seen the mathematics guy here at the chemistry building more often.
I saw Tan yesterday. Today Sine is here.
You're so hot, chemistry girl.
Are you looking for someone? Freshman?
I can help you.
Nope! You should find someone for yourself
before you're losing your pheromones.
You're so mean!
Be humble. LOL.
Your class will finish this afternoon. Will you go to the student affair building after finishing your class?
Hmm, my class will finish around 3.30 pm.
I may go there. Do you need help?
No thanks. You often stay at the student affair building late at night on Wednesday.
I see.
If you're free, please visit the chemistry building. I want to have Calculus tutoring like Tan did.
Many chemistry students need help for Calculus.
How about you, Lin? Have you learned Calculus tutoring with Teacher Tan?
Seriously?
I have to go now.
I'm quite busy.
See you later.
I'm just asking...
Hey!
Why do you avoid me?
No, I don't.
You're lying! I know what you're going to do.
What are you doing here?
I'm waiting for you.
Hmm...
Here is  your coffee.
You used a formula as coffee's name again.
Why?
For you is fine for me.
You're tricky!
I did it from my heart.
X^2 + Y^2 = 9
What a formula!
This morning, I came up with this formula for you.
This formula is called "Dak Kae Khoen" (awkward prevention).
You're so cute whilst coffee mess!
What the hell you're talking about?
That's what I see.
Your class is going to start in 10 minutes. You should go now.
Shut up and go now.
Let's go
Sine...
Are you shy?
Just go!
What's wrong? LOL
Why are you looking at me? Please hurry. I'm in a hurry
Is there anything else you'd like me to know about you?
What?
Special event like tutoring at the last weekend. Please tell me.
Nothing happened. I was at home.
Really?
Were you at home? You didn't go out for tutoring, did you?
Okay, you were at home.
But whose house?
You're so interested in my story. How about you, Atom?
About me?
Nothing special for me.
I see.
Please try to finish the report as soon as possible.
We have to submit it before 1 pm.
You also need to write a summary for Ion. You shouldn't miss the deadline.
Lin, please help me.
Sorry. You should do it.
You're so close to him.
It's not true. We're just friends.
Stop talking.
I've just finished the report.
Atom, I have an urgent task to do.
Please submit the report for me.
Sure, I will do it.
Thank you so much.
See you later.
Okay. Bye.
See you.
You're really in a hurry.
Yes.
Bye
Bye bye.
What's wrong with her?
Actually she's a good friend.
I want to go somewhere.
The student affair building?
Nope. Don't ask me anymore.
Sir Nueng's shop?
No! Why do you have to ask?
Come with me.
Close friend like us can do like this.
What are you doing?
Tan...
Why? Are you shy?
No, I'm not.
Let's go.
It's normal for friends to do like this.
[Your voice on that day, just few words are all in my head]
[You make me feel up in the air, waiting to see you all....]
I wonder why you take me back to the old school.
But it's good.
I haven't been back here until now.
I'm feeling great.
There's so many empty seats available but why?
Can you remember the first day we met at Grade 7?
Your mother took you to the school and I had arrived.
I heard a woman's voice.
She shouted "Little boy!". Then I turned to her.
Your mother was surprised and tried to speak Thai, English, Chinese to me.
I remembered. When she knew that you were Thai, she asked you to take care of me.
I think she's right to ask me to take care of her son.
I don't think so.
When she went back, you asked me to pay you for snacks and taking care cost.
I protected you since Grade 7 to 12.
I knew.
[Late at night, you sleep tight. But you don't know, right? Someone can't sleep tonight.]
[Inside somebody's heart, all the love for you.
The love that you'll never know...]
I want to play game now.
[I hope one day you'll know.]
Let me lay down on you. I feel comfortable.
What's wrong with you?
You're so heavy.
How come you told me like that?
I'm playing game.
What you need to do is just play the game.
Take it easy.
I think you don't take it easy.
So we do.
Pick up your phone, please.
Hello.
I think may be late at night.
Yes, I will go.
Yes, only me.
Okay, bye.
Who called you?
Senior friend.
Which senior friends?
Senior friend from our faculty.
Someone that I don't know?
There are many people that you don't know.
You keep a secret.
One day I will know.
Anyway, I have to go home.
I'm in a hurry.
Why do you have to tell me?
You brought a thing in my car.
And then?
I will take it back.
I'm in a hurry. I have to go. See you at Sir Nueng's new cafe tonight.
I will bring you a thing.
Are you in a hurry?
Yes, I'm. I must go now. See you then.
So you're.
Who is he who has called?
Hello, Sir Nueng.
Sine, keep things inside the shop.
Has he arrived?
He's on the way.
He's often late as you already know.
Here's his bag. I put it here. I have to store a cake.
You've opened a new branch, haven't you?
I think it's beautiful.
Yes, I have. The old branch is still profitable.
Newton - my son, loves that location.
So I let him take care the old shop. That's it!
You hire Tan to work for you here as a part-time job, don't you?
Since my new shop has many customers and the coffee is tasty, so I ask him to help.
Anyway, he does not concentrate recently.
He uses the mathematics formula as coffee's name. It's difficult for customer to order.
I don't know what to do.
What's wrong with him?
I don't know but you can guess. He's mathematics guy.
Coffee vs Mathematics formula?????
What's happened? Why silence? You gossip about me?
Sine, where is my stuff?
What's topic?
We're talking about your coffee's name from mathematics formula.
Do you know the meaning of the formula?
I know. It's linear equation.
Stop! I know you're smart.
Since you're smart, you will get rewards from me.
You will be the first one in the world to try all my coffee's formulas.
Poor you!
You're sleepless, Sine.
This is just a gimmick for your coffee' shop.
Try something new, do something new. If customers can answer, get a free coffee.
Stop beating around the bush.
You told me that you would come here early.
But you came here late.
I think you should ask him.
Both of you're touchy!
No, I'm not!
Are you sure?
Anyway, I think you look handsome lately?
As usual I think.
Are you falling in love?
What! Say it again louder?
We're just three of us. Why do I have to say it louder?
Are you falling in LOVE recently?
YES! I'm hitting on someone.
Okay, bring the one here. I will help you check whether the one is good like someone around here.
Tan...
I'm in the mood now. Bring me my guitar from the upstairs.
Okay.
He's going now.
Happy birthday.
Happy birthday to you.
Happy birthday, happy birthday.
Happy birthday to you...
This year you have two cakes.
You're so lucky.
I think I'm gonna ask persons who bought me cakes blow out the candles. Lin, Sine.
I've changed my mind. I will do it.
Thanks, Lin.
You too, Sine.
Tan...
Yes?
You're the luckiest one.
You have two cakes in a day.
It's so special.
You have to put cakes in our mouth.
I'm hungry. Please do it now.
Wait a minute.
I don't wanna eat candles.
We can not eat these candles, can we?
Here you are.
Here are spoons.
Three spoons, right?
Yes.
You're the first one, Sir Nueng.
Of course.
This is for you, chocolate.
Do you like it?
Yummy!
Really?
YES!
Let me try.
Now your turn, Lin.
Here's for you.
Lin, try this.
Do you like it?
It's an orange cake.
Delicious?
Sine...
Which flavors?
Up to you.
Chocolate.
Do you like it?
Good!
Really?
Where did you buy this cake?
Everyone. I have to go now.
You have to go now? I haven't talked with you.
I got about ten missed calls from my wife.
I should go now.
Wishing you happiness!
Thank you so much. Drive back home safely. Bye.
Please take care of my coffee shop.
Sure.
See you.
It's such a long time for us to stay together like this.
Since the faculty's sport activities, I think.
I and Tan need to treat you to dinner.
Sine, you're president of our batch.
You lost a bet to Faculty of Chemistry for basketball.
Tan and Sine, you have so many funny stories.
Your stories always make me smile.
I don't understand, Lin.
I'm a funny person, don't you see?
I'm sure you will be happy when you stay with me.
Lin, I have to go back now.
I have to go back too.
Wait, Lin. Your house is very near. I can see you off.
You have to eat all cakes here before you leave.
See you.
Do you want me to see you off?
No thanks. Enjoy your time.
Okay.
Let me know when you arrive your home.
See you.
Drive safely.
Tan...
Yes?
What I said is true.
About what?
About you and your close friend, Sine.
When I know you're happy, I'm happy too.
What are you talking about? I don't understand.
Let's talk something else.
You want to to help you in Mathematics, don't you?
Your examination is coming soon, right?
You're right. There are so many chemistry laboratory assignments.
Poor you.
I'm losing my brain.
If you are trained by Teacher Tan, I'm sure you will get grade A.
Really?
Let's eat this cake.
Don't worry. Trust me. I can help you.
Do you like it?
Try more for orange cake.
Let's eat cherries.
Be careful.
Now I know...
Sine...
You're the value of Sine 90.
You're my number one...
It's all in my head.
Just like a song he sang for me.
That's it...
... English subtitle by Natt Tongtep ...
(Directed by JIRATANA JIRAAUDOMPOL and SAPPAKOSOL SUPSAVATI)
(Script Writer by NONNAWAT NAWIBOON)